Ticket 35059 - call response.close, or failing that request_finished.send, if processing is cancelled (#17675)
django/django: docs/releases/5.0.2.txt

Bugfixes
========

> * Fixed a race condition which caused the ``request_finished`` signal to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed a regression in Django 5.0 that caused the ..
```

* Reallowed, following a regression in Django 5.0.1, filtering against local
  foreign keys not included in :attr:`.ModelAdmin.list_filter`
  (:ticket:`35087`).

> * Fixed a regression in Django 5.0 that caused the ``request_finished`` signal to

Reviewer: Blank line is missing
```suggestion

* Fixed a regression in Django 5.0 that caused the ``request_finished`` signal to
```

* Fixed a bug in Django 5.0 that caused a crash of ``Model.full_clean()`` on
  models with a ``GeneratedField`` (:ticket:`35127`).

> * Fixed a regression in Django 5.0 that caused the ``request_finished`` signal to

Author: done
